odhh by first ranch of Bartonville Texas
cats Mirada has proven himself an
outstanding performer and is now well on
his way to becoming a top sire
under the guidance of John Wald this
1999 Sorrell stallion earned 177
thousand dollars as he was a finalist or
semifinalist in 13 major events
including taking the five six-year-old
Open Championship at the 2004 Bonanza
and placing third in the five
six-year-old open at the 2004 in Ch a
super steady cats Mirada demonstrated a
tremendous amount of natural athletic
ability and cal sense and will be
passing it along to his offspring for
years to come
cats mirada's pedigree is outstanding
he's by highbrow cat the leading sire in
the cutting industry and out of Mirada
Lina a daughter of the great freckles
Mirada Murad aleena earned over $26,000
and was a finalist in mini major NCHA
events cats Mirada is truly one of the
most beautiful sons of highbrow cat and
his confirmation and balance is
outstanding by breeding your good mares
two cats Mirada this season you can pass
these qualities onto your next fall
cats mirada's first offspring were born
in 2005 and they've been very similar to
their side showing his good looks
conformation and balance to cats Mirada
offspring will be building a solid
future for the program at first ranch
cats Mirada shows all the qualities of a
champion producing sight combining his
solid show record pedigree confirmation
and absolutely stunning that looks cats
Mirada makes a solid choice for your
mares this breeding season
first ranch is located in Martinsville
Texas about half an hour north of Fort
Worth the ranch welcomes visitors and
invites you to make an appointment to
come by and see some of their top
prospects by cats Mirada cats Mirada
stands at alpha equal breeding center in
Granbury Texas and has been tested herd
a negative he'll be nominated to all
major events as as foals become eligible
this year make the choice to win with
cats Mariah